###################################
# Users files.                    #
# It is not a good idea to store  #
# passwords in a plain text file. #
# We do it here to keep the       #
# application simple.             #
#                                 #
# uwnetid;passwd;campus           #
###################################

asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
ASDF;Bothell Bookstore;ASDF
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
asdf;Bothell Bookstore;asdf
